OSDOCS-16941: DITA abstracts — OLM catalog/config topics (#115366)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-updating-sqlite-catalog-to-a-new-opm-version.adoc

[id="olm-updating-sqlite-catalog-to-a-new-opm-version_{context}"]
= Rebuilding SQLite database catalog images

[role="_abstract"]

> To rebuild a SQLite-based catalog image with a supported `opm` release for your {product-title} version, you can use the `opm index add` command with an updated binary image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can rebuild your SQLite database catalog image with the latest version of the `opm` CLI tool that is released with your version of {product-title}.
```
